README.md, before:

# Corne-ish Zen V2 Custom Configuration

This is my config repo for this super cool keyboard. Unfortunately the person I've bought it from chose the 36 keys layout, so my config has strange configuration due to the lack of additional keys.

I'm using this custom build of `zmk` from @caksoylar, specifically his `zen-8bit` branch, that close to upstream, at least as of 2023-11-04 ( you find the reference in `west.yaml` file.)

https://github.com/caksoylar/zmk

I'm also using his Keymap diagram generator to produce the nice images you see below.

And, I'm also using https://nickcoutsos.github.io/keymap-editor/ as an editor to modify things on the fly.

Oh, and including country keys from here: https://github.com/joelspadin/zmk-locale-generator/releases


Below representation was generated with [`keymap-drawer`](https://github.com/caksoylar/keymap-drawer) -- check out the automatically generated layouts using the [automated Github workflow](https://github.com/caksoylar/keymap-drawer/tree/main#setting-up-an-automated-drawing-workflow) for each keyboard in the [`keymap-drawer` folder](keymap-drawer/), which is always up to date with the config.

![Keymap Representation](./keymap-drawer/corneish_zen.svg?raw=true "Keymap Representation")

Commit message:

Added references to inspirations in readme

README.md, after:

# Corne-ish Zen V2 Custom Configuration

This is my config repo for this super cool keyboard. Unfortunately the person I've bought it from chose the 36 keys layout, so my config has strange configuration due to the lack of additional keys.

I'm using this custom build of `zmk` from @caksoylar, specifically his `zen-8bit` branch, that close to upstream, at least as of 2023-11-04 ( you find the reference in `west.yaml` file.)

https://github.com/caksoylar/zmk

I'm also using his Keymap diagram generator to produce the nice images you see below.

And, I'm also using https://nickcoutsos.github.io/keymap-editor/ as an editor to modify things on the fly.

Oh, and including country keys from here: https://github.com/joelspadin/zmk-locale-generator/releases

Inspirations:

- https://github.com/maxpetretta/keymap/tree/master for my first encounter with Combos and Capsword
- https://github.com/nickfaraco/zmk-config for a reverse engineered Urob's timeless HRMs and the idea of a LOCK layer


Below representation was generated with [`keymap-drawer`](https://github.com/caksoylar/keymap-drawer) -- check out the automatically generated layouts using the [automated Github workflow](https://github.com/caksoylar/keymap-drawer/tree/main#setting-up-an-automated-drawing-workflow) for each keyboard in the [`keymap-drawer` folder](keymap-drawer/), which is always up to date with the config.

![Keymap Representation](./keymap-drawer/corneish_zen.svg?raw=true "Keymap Representation")
